Markups (#1)
CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-08-Learners: during_workshop_8.md

### Add dockerfile
Add a dockerfile to the app so that you can build and run it using Docker.

Hints:

> - If you are seeing a Node Sass error, try including a `.dockerignore` file to avoid copying build artefacts/dependencies into the image

Reviewer: I might just spell things out here and mention `node_modules` (note we aren't assuming any js knowledge for this course)
```suggestion
- If you are seeing a Node Sass error, try adding the `DotnetTemplate.Web/node_modules` folder to a `.dockerignore` file to avoid copying build artefacts/dependencies into the image.
```

### (Stretch goal) Monitor for failure
Failures don't always happen immediately after a deployment. Sometimes runtime issues will only emerge after minutes, hours or days in production. Set up a separate workflow which will use your healthcheck endpoint and send a notification if the healthcheck fails. Make sure this workflow runs every 5 minutes. Hint: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#onschedule.

### (Stretch goal) Multiple environments
Try making your workflow release to a different Heroku app environment for each branch of your repository.

### (Stretch goal) Promote when manually triggered

> Currently we'll deploy every time a change is pushed to the main branch. However you might want to have more control over when deployments happen. Modify your Heroku and workflow setup so you can manually trigger a workflow that promotes a version to the production environment.

Reviewer: Just an FYI that pipeline promotion may not work for containers:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8018173/100642747-15f93600-3331-11eb-9c0a-cdd73eab22c9.png)
